INTRODUCTION:

For many shoppers, visiting  shopping  malls is  a great way to relax and enjoy themselves during weekends and holidays. They can do grocery 

shopping , dine at a restaurant , shop at the various fashion outlets, watch movies and perform many more activities. Shopping malls are like a 

one-stop destination for all types of shoppers. For retailers ,the central location and the large crowd at the shopping mall provides a great 

distribution channel to market their products and services. Property developers are also taking advantages of this trend to build more shopping 

malls to cater to the demand. Opening shopping malls allows  property developers to earn consistent rental income . Of course, as with any business 

decision ,opening a new shopping mall requires serious consideration and is a lot more complicated than it seems. Particularly, the location of the 

shopping mall is one of the most important decision that will determine whether the mall will be a success or a failure.


BUSINESS PROBLEM

The objective of this capstone project is to analyse and select the best locations in the city of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia to open new shopping 

mall. 

Using data science methodology and machine learning techniques like clustering , this project aims to provide solutions to answer the business 

question. In the city of Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , if a property is looking to open a new shopping mall, where would you recommend that they 

open it?

TARGET AUDIENCE OF THIS POJECT: 

This project is particularly useful to property developers and investors looking to open or invest in new shopping malls in the capital of 

Malaysia i.e. Kuala Lumpur. This project is timely as the city is currently suffering from oversupply of shopping malls. Data from the National 

Property Information Center (NAPIC) released last year showed an additional 15 percent will be added existing mall space, and the agency 

predicted that total occupancy my dip below 86 per cent. The local newspaper The Malay Mail also reported in March last year that the true 

occupancy rates in malls may be as low as 40 per cent in some areas, quoting a Financial Times (FT) article cataloging the country’s continued 

obsession with building more shopping space despite chronic oversupply.     
